>> Burke Holland: So this is what our
application's gonna look like today.
And then later on we're gonna have
a little bulb that sits down here at
the bottom that's gonna
represent the LAMP.
The LAMP is gonna change colors, your
bulb is gonna change colors in real time.
We're gonna use Azure SignalR to do that,
which is a real time updating service.
And we've got an API that's
running in Azure functions,
which we'll actually look
at a little bit later on.
All right, a couple more productivity
tricks, we talked about Prettier.
I wanna open a code file here for a second
and show you something else with Prettier.
So I'm gonna move, I'm actually
going to move into exercise-3, but
you don't have to.
Let's go up one, let's go to exercise-3,
I'm gonna bring that up
>> Burke Holland: And
then I wanna look at a code file
that's inside of this start file,
so let's bring up the app.js file here.
There we go,
I'm gonna collapse the sidebar.
Now, we talked about Prettier,
Prettier also works in code files, and
is most often used with
formatting JavaScript.
So for instance, there are some
people who think that this is okay.
>> Burke Holland: And
my opinion on this is that, yes,
semicolons in JavaScript are optional.
Kind of like brushing
your teeth is optional.
So you can do it, but in my opinion,
you should have semicolons.
That's a joke, if you don't wanna
use semicolons, you don't have to.
But if you do, then you want everybody
else to also use semicolons.
And so what Prettier will do is it will
automatically format some of these
things for you.
Some people like to do this, right?
I prefer single quotes as well.
But again, you wanna standardize
this across your application.
And a lot of times when you're copying and
pasting code in from Stack Overflow,
>> Burke Holland: As one does,
maybe it has single quotes and
you need double quotes.
So what we can do here is we're just
gonna format the document with safe.
And if you'll notice,
all the semicolons came back and
the quotes changed back to double quotes.
That's Prettier is doing that, it's
formatting that for us behind the scenes,
which is really nice.
Another place that Prettier
comes in handy is that
when you have something like a promise.
So let's just come down here and
do a promise here.
So let's assume instead
we're doing the fetch.
In fact, let's grab this whole line.
And I'm using async await but
we're gonna do a fetch instead and
use the promise API.
So then we have a then, and
that result goes in, and
we're gonna take that to json.
And then out of that we're gonna say
then again, and now we have json and
now we can do something with the json.
Let me go ahead and close this.
>> Burke Holland: I don't know
what we're gonna do with it.
Let's say we're gonna do something, okay.
So now we've got a promise here.
And I'm gonna turn off the formatting for
a second here,
I'm gonna toggle Format on Save.
And a lot of times what we'll do is
we'll come down and we'll say, okay,
this goes here.
I'm gonna indent this and this goes here.
No, you know what, I don't like that.
I'm gonna pull this back up.
Formatting promises is just kind of
a pain, everybody does it differently.
But if we change this,
if we toggle the formatting,
toggle Format on Save,
then we can come back and let's see here.
I've got an error somewhere.
Where's my error?
>> Burke Holland: Let's see,
let's see, let's see.
>> Burke Holland: Maybe it's here,
maybe it doesn't like this.
Can I console.log it?
Okay.
>> Burke Holland: There we go.
And then Prettier will format this for
us, just like this.
So it's automatically
formatting your promises.
Just less things for
you to have to worry about and
argue about with your co workers,
which is nice.
And you can also run Prettier on check in.
I'm not exactly sure how to do that.
But you can set your source control up so
that Prettier's run automatically
on all files that are coming in.